Rock star Ozzy Osbourne has been praised by police for "very courageously" tackling a burglar who stole jewellery from his house. The singer grabbed an intruder who then jumped 30ft (10m) from a first floor window as the star gave chase at his Buckinghamshire home on Monday. His wife Sharon, who called the police, said her wedding rings were taken from her bedside table as she slept. The heavy metal star said he could have met the same fate as late Beatle George Harrison, who was repeatedly stabbed in a break-in in 1999. Detective Inspector Paul Miller of Thames Valley Police said it appeared a man used a ladder to get into the house through a first floor bedroom window. "Whilst selecting items of jewellery, the burglar was disturbed by Ozzy who very courageously tackled this burglar and pursued him from the house," he said. "We lived in Los Angeles where people get shot every day and have been trailed by lots of different stalkers - and yet we come back to England and I'm very disappointed. " At a press conference on Tuesday, Sharon Osbourne gave details of nine stolen items. They included a diamond wedding ring and two handmade wedding bands Ozzy gave her when they renewed their vows two years ago. " Also taken were a pearl necklace and a sapphire bought as an investment for their daughters described by Sharon as "one of the only 24-carat sapphires that is absolutely pure". A daisy chain necklace that was a 20th anniversary present and a Franck Muller watch Sharon said was one of only 10 made were also stolen. Ozzy came from not a very nice part of Birmingham and everything we've got we have worked our arses off for. " "If I choose to make an investment for my kids in whatever way I choose to make it, that's my business and I worked for every God damn penny. " Ozzy also lamented two years in which the family has been plagued by problems, including his critical injury in a quad bike accident, his wife's colon cancer, their childrens' drug problems and now the burglary. On Sunday night, the Osbournes had been celebrating the birthday of singer Sir Elton John's partner David Furnish. 