Governments, aid agencies, insurers and travel firms are among those counting the cost of the massive earthquake and waves that hammered southern Asia. World Bank spokesman Damien Milverton told the Wall Street Journal that he expected an aid package of financing and debt relief. Tourism is a vital part of the economies of the stricken countries, providing jobs for 19 million people in the south east Asian region, according to the World Travel and Tourism Council (WTTC). But the damage covers fishing, farming and businesses too, with hundreds of thousands of buildings and small boats destroyed by the waves. "The IMF stands ready to do its part to assist these nations with appropriate support in their time of need," said managing director Rodrigo Rato. Only Sri Lanka and Bangladesh currently receive IMF support, while Indonesia, the quake's epicentre, has recently graduated from IMF assistance. Other agencies, such as the Asian Development Bank, have said that it is too early to comment on the amount of aid needed. The United Nations' emergency relief coordinator, Jan Egeland, said that "this may be the worst national disaster in recent history because it is affecting so many heavily populated coastal areas. " He warned that "the longer term effects many be as devastating as the tidal wave or the tsunami itself" because of the risks of epidemics from polluted drinking water. Insurers are also struggling to assess the cost of the damage, but several big players believe the final bill is likely to be less than the $27bn cost of the hurricanes that battered the US earlier this year. "The region that's affected is very big so we have to check country-by-country what the situation is", said Serge Troeber, deputy head of the natural disasters department at Swiss Re, the world's second biggest reinsurance firm. However, a low insurance bill may simply reflect the general poverty of much of the region, rather than the level of economic devastation for those who live there. The International Federation of the Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies told the Reuters news agency that it was seeking $6. "The biggest health challenges we face is the spread of waterborne diseases, particularly malaria and diarrhoea," the aid agency was quoted as saying. The EU's Humanitarian Aid Commissioner, Louis Michel, was quoted as saying that it was key to bring aid "in those vital hours and days immediately after the disaster". Other countries also are reported to have pledged cash, while the US State Department said it was examining what aid was needed in the region. Many of the worst-hit areas, such as Sri Lanka, Thailand's Phuket island and the Maldives, are popular tourist resorts that are key to local economies. December and January are two of the busiest months for the travel in southern Asia and the damage will be even more keenly felt as the industry was only just beginning to emerge from a post 9/11 slump. Growth has been rapid in southeast Asia, with the World Tourism Organisation figures showing a 45% increase in tourist revenues in the region during the first 10 months of 2004. "India continues to post excellent results thanks to increased promotion and product development, but also to the upsurge in business travel driven by the rapid economic development of the country," the WTO said. 