Legal attacks on websites that help people swap pirated films have forced the development of a system that could be harder to shut down. One site behind the success of the BitTorrent file-swapping system is producing its own software that avoids the pitfalls of the earlier program. In late December movie studios launched a legal campaign against websites that helped people swap pirated movies using the BitTorrent network. That file-sharing system relies on links called "trackers" that point users to others happy to share the file they are looking for. org which helped boost the popularity of the BitTorrent system by checking that trackers led to the movies or TV programmes they claimed to. org, who goes by the nickname Sloncek, is preparing to release software for a new file-swapping network dubbed Exeem. In an interview with Novastream web radio, Sloncek said Exeem would combine ideas from the BitTorrent and Kazaa file-sharing systems. The Exeem software has been under development for a few months and is currently being tested by a closed group of users. Despite Suprnova administrator Sloncek's involvement with Exeem, the basic technology appears to have been developed by a firm called Swarm Systems that is based on Caribbean island Saint Kitts and Nevis. Users of the Exeem system will be able to rate files being swapped to help stop the spread of fake files, Sloncek told Novastream. Dr Johan Pouwelse, a researcher at the Delft University of Technology who studies peer-to-peer networks, said Exeem was the next evolution in file-sharing systems. Studies have shown that organisations working for record labels and movie studios have worked to undermine Kazaa by putting in fakes. "The moderators are the difference between having a system that works and one that's full of crap like Kazaa," he said. Mr Pouwelse said that future versions of file-sharing systems are likely to incorporate some kind of distributed reputation system that lets moderators prove who they are to the network and rate which files are worth downloading. He added that the legal attacks on BitTorrent had driven people away from sites such as Suprnova but many users had simply migrated to other tracker listing sites many of which have seen huge increases in traffic. 