The 2005 Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas is a geek's paradise with more than 50,000 new gadgets and technologies launched during the four-day event. Top gadgets at the show are highlighted in the Innovations Showcase, which recognises some of the hottest developments in consumer electronics. The BBC News website took an early pre-show look at some of those technologies that will be making their debut in 2005. One of the key issues for keen gadget users is how to store all their digital images, audio and video files. The external USB drive won a CES best innovations design and engineering award and is small enough to slip into a pocket. Universal Electronics' NevoSL is a universal controller that lets people use one device to get at their multimedia content, such as photos, no matter where it is in their house. Paul Arling, UEI chief, said consumers face real problems when trying to get at all the files they own that are typically spread across several different devices. He said the Nevo gave people a simple, single way to regain some control over digital media in the home. The Nevo won two awards at CES, one as a Girl's Best Friend award and another for innovation, design and engineering. "We found that kids love playing in surround sound," said Jay LeBoff from Hotseat. " The chair also lets people experience surround sound while watching videos, with wireless control for six surround sound speakers. The chair, which looks like a car seat on a skeletal frame, should go on sale in April and is expected to cost $399 (£211). Eton Corporation's Porsche designed P7131 digital radio set will be launched both as a DAB radio in the UK as well as a satellite radio set in the US. "We are proud of it because it has the sound quality for the audiophile and the looks for the design-conscious consumer. " The Porsche radio is set to go on sale at the end of January in the US and in the first quarter of 2005 in the UK. The average person has a library of 600 digital images estimates the Consumer Electronics Association, the organisation behind CES. One gadget that might help swell that collection is Sanyo's tiny handheld VPC-C4 camcorder which is another innovation in design and engineering award winner. Because images and video are stored on SD memory, it is portable to other devices and means other data like audio can be stored on the card too. MPIO's tiny digital USB music players come in an array of fashionable colours, taking a leaf out of the Apple iPod mini book of design and reflecting the desire for gadgets that look good. Although the pendant design was launched three months ago, the device emphasises large storage as well as good looks for fashion-conscious gadget fiends. 