Phone companies are not doing enough to warn customers about internet "rogue-dialling" scams, according to premium phone line regulator Icstis. It has received 45,000 complaints in recent months about dial-up internet connections diverting to premium rate numbers without users' knowledge. Icstis spokesman Rob Dwight said: "Phone companies should get in touch with their customers sooner. "Phone companies had the systems in place to spot fraudulent activity and artificially-inflated traffic, he said. Telecoms ombudsman Elizabeth France said: "Certainly I would not be surprised to find my credit card company phoning me if I do something out of the ordinary. " The biggest phone company BT says it is doing what it can to monitor fraud and warn people about rogue dialling. Its advice to customers is to use call barring if they want to prevent calls to premium lines because, under the current system, once the call has been made there's little that can be done. Gavin Patterson, group managing director for BT Consumer, said "We do look at customer's calling patterns and we do make interventions when they are out of the ordinary. The government has ordered a review of premium line services and is likely to say Icstis should have more power to deal with rogue diallers in future. At the moment, it cannot demand pay-outs on the behalf of customer - it can only close illegal services down. I use free anti-virus software (AVG) and free firewall protection (ZoneAlarm). Both of these tools have prevented unauthorised access and outgoing calls inadvertently and innocently caused by my daughter's love of music sites. The phone companies pay the people who obtaining money fraudulently, so are these people followed up and prosecuted. Part of the blame has to rest with the manufacturers of home computer operating systems. A secure system should not allow a web page or email to download and install anything without the user's knowledge. Why don't BT et al block all premium numbers by default and only turn it off at the customer's request. To anyone who falls foul of this scam - refuse to pay your telephone provider for these calls. You would not walk out in the freezing cold without a coat - you would not drive your car without any insurance - so why not protect your PC. Stop blaming the phone companies - it's not their fault. I had kept ringing a hotline number for Kylie tickets and next day they rang back to ask if I was aware there were 40-odd calls to the same number. He informed the phone company about it, they subsequently put a block on premium rate numbers. Three months later another huge bill of over £1,000 came in - the block apparently didn't work and he still has to pay for it, even though a block was in place. Phone companies are probably quite happy for their customers to be hit with a huge bill, otherwise they'd be taking extra steps to prevent this kind of problem. The operator will do nothing about this and, to add insult to injury, I was charged VAT by the government. One example was where thieves would set up a premium rate number and then dial it day and night from phones whose quarterly bills were never paid. It's not the fault of phone companies, and at last they are doing something about it. It's about time that the profiteering by the 'legitimate' phone companies came to an end, mainly by doing away with dial-up altogether and bring broadband down to the same price as dial-up. Not only will this ruin things for the dialler scammers but also allow people to update and upgrade their security more easily and quickly. I haven't "fallen victim to a rogue-dialling scam" but I think you're seriously remiss in not pointing out that the vast majority of these scams arise from people trying to access services purporting to provide free pornography. In most cases the user is entirely at fault, which is probably why the telephone companies are rightly unwilling to refund them. 