life tries to find out if you can you get more for your money if you stick with the beige box. Apple offer a less powerful Mac Mini for £339 but the £399 models has a 1. 4ghz Power PC chip, 80 gigabyte hard drive, combined CD burner/DVD player. It comes equipped with USB and Firewire ports for peripheral connections, Ethernet port for broadband, a port for standard video output and an audio/headphone jack. The machine comes with Mac OS X, the Apple operating system, the software suite iLife, which includes iTunes, iPhoto, iMovie, iDVD and GarageBand. The lack of a DVD burner is an omission in the age of backing-up important software. Wireless and a dvd burner can be added at extra cost. Apple are targeting people who already have a main computer and want to upgrade - especially PC users who have used an Apple iPod. Compact and stylish, the Mac mini would not look out of place in any home. Apple computers are famously user friendly and offer much better network security, which means fewer viruses. The Mac mini is just a box. If you don't already have a monitor etc, adding them to the package sees the value for money begin to dwindle. Macs don't offer the upgrade flexibility of a PC and the machine's specifications lack the horse power for tasks such as high-end video editing or games. "The Mac Mini puts the Macintosh within the reach of everyone," an Apple spokesman said. "An entry-level machine designed for basic home use. 6ghz Intel Celeron chip, 40 gigabyte hard drive, 256mb, combined CD burner/DVD player. The machine has 6 USB ports and an Ethernet port for broadband connection. It provides basic home tools such as a media player and word processor. Wireless and a dvd burner can be added at extra cost. The Dell provides enough power and software for basic gaming and internet surfing. It's easily upgradeable so a bigger hard drive, better sound and graphics cards can be added. The Dell is hardly stylish and the hard drive is on the small size for anyone wanting to store photos or a decent sized digital music collection. "This machine is for small businesses and for people who want a second computer for basic home use, perhaps in a kids bedroom," a spokesman for Dell said. "I think we offer better value once you realise all the extras needed for the Mac Mini. "A desktop computer that PC Pro magazine dubbed best performer in a group test of machines that cost only £399 (£469 including VAT). 8GHz AMD Sempron processor, 512MB of Ram, 120GB hard drive, DVD writer, 16-inch monitor, mouse, keyboard and Windows XP2Much more than the basics. Nick Ross, deputy labs editor at PC Pro, said the important point about buying a cheap and cheerful PC is the upgrade path. Interest has switched from processor power to graphics and sound cards as that's what makes the difference in games. 