Spin the radio dial in the US and you are likely to find plenty of Spanish-language music. Hip-hop and rap are actually quite popular in the Spanish-speaking world, but local artists are having trouble marketing their work abroad. But now, a US company is bringing rap and hip-hop en espanol to computer users everywhere. Los Caballeros de Plan G are one of Mexico's hottest hip-hop acts. But most Mexican hip-hop fans, not to mention fans in most of the Spanish-speaking world, rarely get a chance to hear the group's tracks on the radio. it's just not accessible," says Manuel Millan, a native of San Diego, California. " Millan and two friends set out to change that - they wanted to make groups like Los Caballeros de Plan G accessible to fans globally. Mainstream radio stations were not going to play this kind of music, and starting their own broadcast station was economically impossible. The name says it all: it is web-based radio, devoted to the hottest Spanish language rap and hip-hop tracks. Suddenly, with the help of the website, Los Caballeros de Plan G are producing "export quality" rap. But the production values are improving, and artists such as Argentina's Mustafa Yoda are pushing to make it better and better. "He's considered the Eminem of Argentina, and the Latin American hip-hop scene," Millan says. "He really hasn't had that much exposure as far as anywhere in the world, but he's definitely the one to look out for as far as becoming the next big thing in the Spanish-speaking world. " Currently, the Chilean group Makisa is also in latinohiphopradio. com's top 10, as is Cuban artist Papo Record. "Every country's got it's own cultural differences and they try to put those into their own songs," Millan says. com has been up and running for a couple of months now. The site has listeners from across the Spanish speaking world. But web surfers in Spain are logging in as well - about 25% of the web station's traffic comes from there. That is not surprising as many consider Spain to be the leader in Spanish-language rap and hip-hop. 