Nasa is doing it, 14-year-old boys in bedrooms are doing it, couples are doing it, gadget lovers - male and female - are definitely doing it. It is podcasting - DIY radio in the form of downloadable MP3 audio files. Some liken them to talking "audioblogs" because many complement text-based weblogs - diary-like sites where people share their thoughts. They are essentially amateur radio shows on the net, on demand, and the "movement" is at very early stages. "It's about real people saying real things and communicating," says Adam Curry, former MTV VJ and the Pied Piper of podcasting. He was one of a community of people who created iPodder, a small computer program, known as an "aggregator". "I just did a tour of Madison Avenue where all the big brands and advertising agencies of the world are," he says. "They are on MSN, they've got their iPod, their MP3 player, they've got their Xbox - they are not listening to radio. "It is a fledgling movement, but it is gaining momentum now that people have started thinking about how to make a business from it. Ian Fogg, Jupiter Research analyst, thinks there could be potential for business, but it could take an interesting turn if big companies, like Apple and Microsoft, get involved. It is yet another area that demonstrates the move to a digital lifestyle and digital home is not over," he says. It is another aspect of the "time-shifting" of content - the latest industry buzzword for being able to listen to what you want, when, and wherever you want. Curry's Daily Source Code - which he committed to doing daily to inspire the community - has 10s of thousands of listeners. He designed the format called RSS (Really Simple Syndication), which gives web users an easy way to keep updated automatically on sites they like. He is also writer of the longest-running weblog on the net, Scripting News. He thinks its power lies in its democratising potential, not in its "over-hyped" business promise. "We're the sources, the people doing stuff, and podcasting is a way to tell people who care what we're doing. "Podcasting is going to be a medium of niches, with 'audiences' measured in the single digits, like e-mail or blogs. " Curry and associate Ron Bloom's new venture, called PodShow, is to help ordinary people produce, post, distribute and market their podcasts. "How I believe this will work, is to create a network that, in aggregation, will have enough numbers to support a return on investment for the advertisers and for the podcasters. If you are talking a million podcasters, and then you can kind of divide that amongst ourselves, then that is kind of interesting. " Essentially, he says, if you are doing a bass fishing podcast, someone who is selling bait and tackle will probably want to advertise on your show. Coffee-loving Curry has sold $4,000 worth of coffee machines through a referral link to Amazon from his site. Others use in-show promotions, like The Dawn and Drew Show. 