Nokia and Microsoft have agreed a deal to work on delivery of music to handsets, while Sony Ericsson has unveiled its phone Walkman and Motorola is working on an iTunes phone. The music download market has been growing steadily since record firms embraced digital distribution. Full-length music downloads on mobile phones have not taken off so quickly - held back by technical challenges as well as issues over music availability. Gilles Babinet, chief executive of mobile music firm Musiwave, said: "Music downloads on mobiles have the potential to be the biggest-ever medium for music. "Musiwave provides downloading infrastructure for the mobile phone market and Mr Babinet said the industry was enjoying "definite momentum. Mobile phones offer limited storage for music - certainly nothing to rival Apple's 60GB iPod. But the first mobile phones with hard disk players will be on the market soon and the current generation of mobiles using flash technology can store up to one gigabyte of music - enough for 250 songs. "We are working in the hard disk area and we will be bringing out exciting devices," Jonas Guest, vice president for entertainment at Nokia, told the BBC News website. "One of the problems we could have is that mobiles are used just for storage and playback while PCs are used for downloading," said Mr Babinet"We don't want people to cast aside their PCs - we want mobile users to hook up into the existing ecosystems," explained Mr Guest. "You must enable people to transfer music from a PC to a handset and vice versa. "One of the key elements of the Nokia and Microsoft deal is the agreed ability to transfer songs between a handset and a PC. "The line between online and wireless is going to blur," predicted Ted Cohen, senior vice president of digital development and distribution at EMI. In North America it is fixed line while there is equilibrium in Europe. Mr Babinet said the mobile phone had a number of advantages over PCs which would see it become the focus for music downloading in the future. You have to switch the PC on, load the operating system, load the program, buy the music, download the music, and then transfer the music. " He said the mobile phone's billing system would make it easier for teenagers to embrace downloads, because pre-paid cards were already accepted by the age group. " All three men said that the social interaction of mobile music would drive the market. 