Insurers have sought to calm fears that they face huge losses after an earthquake and giant waves killed at least 38,000 people in southern Asia. Munich Re and Swiss Re, the world's two biggest reinsurers, have said exposure will be less than for other disasters. Munich Re, the world's largest reinsurance company, said that its exposure is less than 100m euros (£70m; $136m). At least 10 countries have been affected, with Sri Lanka, Indonesia, India and Thailand among the worst hit. Lloyds of London told the Financial Times it expected its exposure to be limited to "holiday resorts, personal accident, travel insurance and marine risks". A spokeswoman for Hanover Re, Europe's fifth-largest reinsurance firm, estimated tsunami-related damage claims would be in the low double-digit millions of euros. But insurers have not had long to assess the economic impact of the damage and reports of more casualties and destruction are still coming through. "So many things are unclear, it is just too early to tell," said Serge Troeber, deputy head of Swiss Re's natural disasters department. Most US insurers have relatively little exposure to Asia and those that do, pass on a lot of the risk to reinsurance companies or special catastrophe funds. Insured damage could be a fraction of the "billions of dollars worth of destruction in Sri Lanka, India, Thailand, Indonesia, the Maldive Islands and Malaysia," said Prudential Equity Group insurance analyst Jay Gelb. It's more likely the Bermuda-based reinsurance [companies] might have some exposure," said Paul Newsome, an insurance analyst at AG Edwards & Co. Many of the affected countries, such as Indonesia, Sri Lanka or the Maldives, do not usually buy insurance for these kinds of disasters, said a US-based insurance expert. Early estimates from the World Bank put the amount of aid needed for the worst affected countries including Sri Lanka, India, Indonesia and Thailand, at about $5bn (£2. "We cannot fathom the cost of these poor societies and the nameless fishermen and fishing villages. Hundreds of thousands of livelihoods have gone," said Jan Egeland, head of the UN Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs. 