Well, it's goodbye to another Olympic year and as usual there were plenty of highs and lows in Athens. Obviously, there's no getting away from the differing fortunes of Kelly Holmes and Paula Radcliffe. The victory for the British men's 4x100m relay team was a bit of a surprise but a great climax to the Games. I think the four of them - Jason Gardener, Darren Campbell, Marlon Devonish and Mark Lewis-Francis - knew deep down that it was their best chance of a medal. Hicham El Guerrouj's Olympic double is a much bigger achievement than Kelly's on a global scale. As soon as he had added the 5,000m crown and I had finished commentating, I jumped up, ran down the stairs, pushed everyone out the way and just gave him a big hug. He is one of the few African runners who has embraced the tradition of the mile and he loves to hear all the Roger Bannister stories. Hicham is someone I enjoy having a bit of time with, even though my French and his English are not very good. What happened to Paula in Athens this year is the obvious low on a personal level and for the expectations of the nation as well. Paula had a lot of little things going wrong in her preparation and on the day. Things like niggling injuries, not being able to do all her running sessions and feeling the pressure of the race looming ahead of her. And if even the smallest thing doesn't feel right when you are preparing to race a marathon, 10 miles down the road it will hit you like a brick wall. The positive thing to take from Paula's Olympics it that she will have learned a lot from it and so will a lot of people - including me. Purely as a race, Paula's victory in the New York Marathon has to go down as one of the most thrilling. It was so nip-and-tuck between her and Kenya's Susan Chepkemei and you don't usually get that kind of excitement in marathons. It was also a real delight for all athletics fans because, to use one of my favourite words, Paula showed real "bouncebackability". Kelly and the 4x100m boys' victories papered over the cracks in the general performance of the British team. The only individual men's finalist on the track was Michael East in the 1500m. And that's where things begin to look even gloomier for British athletics as we did not win any medals at the world junior championships in Italy. 