Jason Gardener fought all the way to the line to narrowly claim the men's 60m title at the Norwich Union Indoor trials and AAAs Championships. The world 60m champion got off to a rolling start and had to dig deep to dip ahead of Mark Findlay and Darren Chin, who both set personal bests. " Gardener's performance in Sheffield could have been affected by the news, which he heard before his semi-final, that his European record had been broken Frenchman Ronald Pognon, who will be a real threat at the European Championships, set a new time of 6. "You'll see me in Madrid and I feel there is a lot more to come along," said the 22-year-old. Katherine Endacott battled hard to take second and dip under the European qualifying mark. Defending champion Joice Maduaka had pulled out of the final with a chest infection. was on record-breaking form as she stormed to the women's 60m hurdles crown. The 25-year-old set a new British record for the second time in seven days, clocking 7. " Claxton's time was also good enough to qualify for the European Championships. The men's 800m went to form in Sheffield asdominated the race from start to finish. The Northern Ireland athlete went off at a startling pace but had to hold off the challenge of Welshman Jimmy Watkins over the final 200m to win in one minute, 47. 32, had already booked their places in Madrid and were again well within the qualifying time. could not reach the European mark in the women's race as she crossed the line to win in 2:04. Olympic bronze heptathlon medallistrounded off a useful weekend with two more personal bests in Sheffield. "I'm starting to thrive on the pressure but if I don't perform then it's not the end of the world. " Pole vaultermade a winning return to major competition after a drugs ban. The Trafford athlete, who has served a two-year ban after testing positive for anabolic steroids, clinched the title with a championship record 4. also set a new championship mark in the men's triple jump title in Sheffield. 30m with his final effort - the longest leap in the world this year. "But this isn't a bad start and hopefully I'll come back from Madrid with a gold medal. " Nathan Douglas continued his steady progress this season as he set a life-time best of 16. andresumed their rivalry in the long jump competition, both achieving the European standard. Commonwealth champion Morgan reached a personal best of 7. Olympian Tomlinson tried to play catch up with his six jumps but had to settle for a season's best jump of 7. "I was advised not to jump by my doctor and so I'm pleased to come here and get the qualifying mark," said Tomlinson. , now based at Loughborough, sprinted past front runner Catherine Murphy in the final 100m to steal the women's 400m title. Wall's time was just short of the qualifying mark - something Murphy already has. 