Jade Johnson edged out rival Kelly Sotherton with her last effort to claim the AAAs long jump title at the Norwich Union European Indoor trials. Olympic heptathlon bronze medallist, Sotherton, led the event with her first leap of 6. But Johnson, who has not competed indoors for five years, leapt to a life-time best of 6. Both Johnson and Sotherton passed the European Championships qualifying mark. Although Sotherton's main aim in Madrid next month will be the pentathlon where she will take on Olympic heptathlon champion Carolina Kluft. British favourite Chris Lambert had to settle for second place while defending champion Ireland's Paul Brizzel took third. Two-time AAAs champion Allyn Condon and Ian Mackie had no such luck as they were disqualified in the heats. There was plenty of hot action in the men's 60m hurdles where Scotland'swas vying for top spot with Olympian Andy Turner. Scott, 22, smashed his personal best on the way to the final, where he broke it again to win the AAAs title in 7. The trio of athletes have reached the European qualifying mark this season though one of them is set to miss out on a call-up to the British squad. The European cross country bronze medallist is ranked number one in Europe this season and will go to Madrid with high hopes. In the men's 800m heats,qualified fastest in the 800m heats to lay down a challenge to in-form. The Welsh runner attacked the last 200m to come through ahead of James Thie in one minute, 49. Both Watkins and McIlroy have already achieved the European qualifying mark. Scotland's Susan Deacon stole's thunder in the final of the women's 200m. Fraser became the fastest British woman over the distance this season when she qualified for the final in 23. 68 seconds - though that time is outside the European standard. But Deacon claimed her first AAAs title over the distance, edging Fraser into second in 23. In the women's shot put veteranclaimed her fourth AAAs title with a throw of 15. But that mark was not good enough for the 39-year-old to book her place at next month's European Indoor Championships in Madrid. In the absence of injured British number one Carl Myerscough,claimed the men's shot put title with a throw of 17. Sale's Robert Mitchell climbed to a season's best of 2. 