Joss Stone, a 17-year-old soul singer from Devon, beat Dizzee Rascal, Jamelia, Lemar and The Streets to win best British urban act at the Brit Awards. It's a word that's been manufactured in this country and America to describe black music. The music industry isn't championing music from our particular genre very well anyway. I don't feel like urban music's just been celebrated by [Joss Stone] winning or her being nominated, or by the Brits acknowledging that there's an urban music scene because it's all a kick in the teeth at the end of the day. If you look underneath urban, there are a number of core elements that include hip-hop, R&B, garage and into that obviously comes soul. What has really captured everybody's imagination is that here you have a 17-year-old from Devon with a voice to die for and a bunch of really, really good tunes and she looks good - I think that's what's done it. The award for best British urban act was voted for by viewers of MTV Base. The fact that she's from Devon is the interesting thing because most of the music we cover is made in large cities and she's literally rural. If there is some sort of root with black music or dance music in Britain, I think that's where you can call it urban - that's where this new sub-category, or uber-category, has come from. Joss Stone is certainly not old enough to have had some of the experiences of an older soul singer, but you couldn't argue that she was being inauthentic with her emotions - it is coming from somewhere genuine. If Joss Stone can be accepted within the urban music community, I think acts from other ethnicities doing classical music and rock should be accepted too. Out of all the awards dished out yesterday, I'm still trying to find out what people of other races received any sort of recognition or award. A type of music (especially street music) that originates from a city, and typically reflects or is characteristic of urban life. If anyone deserves to win an award for urban music (I think probably should include Hip-Hop, Soul & Funk at least but not rock or pop) this year its the Streets, although Dizzee Rascal stakes a good claimShe definitely deserved to win a prize, Joss Stone's albums are quite simply amazing, easily better than anything else that was released last year. In the states they tend to use hip hop and R&B, if I say hip hop here a lot of people have no idea what I'm talking about. 'Urban' to me is what I hear being played in parties in the inner cities - I live in Brixton and have never heard The Soul Sessions pumping out of of a bass heavy sound system in any parties I've been to. Good luck to Joss Stone, let's celebrate her victory - let's also question why, with artists so successful and talented as Jamelia, Lemar, Kanye West, Dizzee Rascal, Alicia Keys and Outkast - we didn't see a single black artist on stage collecting an award. So, what you're saying is that any music that has black heritage is not allowed to be sung by anyone who isn't black. Though hang on, didn't the so-called 'public' vote on this one. The media then called anything that had a swinging beat, syncopated melody or soulful feeling "Jazz", much to the chagrin of the artists. It would mean that "blues" would be put in the same mould as "bebop", "cool" and "ragtime", all very different styles at that time. Soul and garage are worlds apart musically (Marvin Gaye v Tuff Jam. If we just let the music speak for itself and not judge the success of an artist by the number of awards won, then maybe we can enjoy the music for what it is, rather than what it represents. Excluding her from what has become known as urban music would be as bad as excluding Lenny Kravitz or Hendrix from rock music for being black surely. If Lemar, who makes music which is less soulful than Joss' work won, he might have said nothing. I love Joss to bits and don't care what her branding is - it's amazing music, full stop. Stop puting it all in brackets and let's just call it music, and let's especially drop the black / urban tag - nearly all music came from black origin, this just sets an example that it is ok to pigeonhole people and their music by their colour. Surely the point of having an urban music category is simply to acknowledge artists that are making what is (historically) considered urban music, irrelevent of the colour of their skin, or where they originate from. Joss Stone is simply singing a certain type of music that can be considered urban in style, just as someone from an inner city, and indeed not from the USA could sing country music. If that person was good at it and authentic in sound, would we criticise it being referred to as country music or the artist for representing that style. The term urban in reference to a music genre in UK has developed, in part, from the controversy surrounding the branding of the MOBO Awards. The very term 'Music of Black Origin' has confused and offended many people. It appears that the use of 'black' or 'white' in relation to music makes people feel uncomfortable. The term 'urban' therefore, has been invoked to sidestep the debate of which type of music came first 'black' or 'white' thereby rendering the issue colourblind. Perhaps we should have created a new term altogether to describe the various strains of soul/RnB and Hip-Hop, one which does not also mean something else - as we have done with 'Crunk'. Urban is just a word that's come about recently to describe "black" music that's become popular now. The word wasn't even in use, or common use five of six years ago. It's just a way of the industry clumping it all together without having to call it black music, because some people are oversensitive and might call them racist for it. Ever since the music channels and record comapnies tried to fracture what they consider 'music of black origin', these labels have been used to undermine the status of good music into a commodity. Look at all the TV broadcasters, unable to reach young people without condesending, they simply play some 'urban' music on the soundtrack as if its some dreadful cheap lift music. Black people should lead the music they invented. The real question is would Joss Stone would have been that successful doing the music she was doing if she were black. Same thing, with Streets, Amy Winehouse, etc. They are both 10 times better than Joss Stone and both of them have won Urban Music Awards and i think Mobos , but why not Brits. Her music is great soul and surely that is under the 'Urban' banner. It seems that a lot of the fuss is about race where the real issue should be music and nothing else. I'm not doubting Ms Stone's talent, but why didn't Jamelia or Lemar get a Brit. This reminds me of what happened to Craig David and Soul II Soul in the past, getting nominations are easy to get, but picking up a Brit seems to be the hardest thing. Refreshing to see people making reasonable, intelligent comments on any topic these days. You have said it: there is music you like and music you don't like - who cares what label you put on it. How can you have people like Dizzee Rascal up against Joss Stone. She should have been nominated for Best British R & B act. Joss Stone deserved to win an award for her talents, but I don't think it was very 'urban' of her to sing angels with Robbie Williams. Urban is a nonsense term - music of black origin. Well almost all bands end up making music in London/Manchester etc. And doesn't that make some weird implication that all black people live in cities. 